Update EIP on Correlation Identifier (#742)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-construction/correlation-identifier.md

# Correlation Identifier

This page explains how you can implement a sample scenario of Correlation Identifier using WSO2 Micro Integrator.

## Introduction to Correlation Identifier

The Correlation Identifier EIP facilitates a unique identifier that indicates which request message a given reply is for. It enables a requester who has received a reply to know which request the reply is for. 

!!! info
    For more information, see the [Correlation Identifier](http://www.eaipatterns.com/CorrelationIdentifier.html) documentation.

![Correlation identifier solution]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-construction/correlation-identifier-solution.gif)

### How WSO2 Micro Integrator implements the EIP

> Message flow of the Micro Integrator automatically manages requests sent by a client. It injects a unique identification number into the message context of each request. When the response arrives, the message will be uniquely identified using this number, allowing the requester to distinguish between requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message flow of the Micro Integrator automatically manages requests sent by a client by injecting a unique identification number into the message context of each request. When the response arrives, the message will be uniquely identified using this number, allowing the requester to distinguish between requests.
```
